Create templates for Azure file with nfs protocol. (#166)
IBM/ibm-satellite-storage: config-templates/azure/azurefile-csi-driver/1.9.0/README.md

# Azure File CSI Driver [BETA]

The Azure File CSI driver implements the CSI specification for container orchestrators to manage the lifecycle of Azure File volumes.
<!--
**Features supported:**
- Topology(Availability Zone)
- ZRS disk support(Preview)
- Volume Cloning
- Volume Expansion
- Raw Block Volume
- Shared Disk
- Volume Limits
- fsGroupPolicy -->

## Prerequisites
1. Retrieve the zone of your Azure worker nodes.
    ```
    oc get nodes
    ```
2. Label your Azure worker nodes with the zone. Replace `<zone>` with the zone of your Azure worker nodes. For example: `eastus-1`.
    ```
    oc label node <node_name> topology.kubernetes.io/zone-
    oc label node <node_name> topology.kubernetes.io/zone=<zone> --overwrite
    ```

## Azure File CSI Driver parameters & how to retrieve them

Get a list of the Azure template configuration parameters.
```
ibmcloud sat storage template get --name azurefile-csi-driver --version 1.9.0
```

** Azure File CSI Driver parameters**

> | Parameter | Required? | Description | Default value if not provided |
> | --- | --- | --- | --- |
> | `subscriptionId` | Required | the `subscriptionId`. This value of this can be taken from the `azure.json` [conifg file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/blob/master/deploy/example/azure.json). | N/A |
> | `tenantId` | Required | the `tenantId`. This value of this can be taken from the `azure.json` [conifg file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/blob/master/deploy/example/azure.json). | N/A |
> | `aadClientId` | Required | the `aadClientId`. This value of this can be taken from the `azure.json` [conifg file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/blob/master/deploy/example/azure.json). | N/A |
> | `aadClientSecret` | Required | the `aadClientSecret`. This value of this can be taken from the `azure.json` [conifg file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/blob/master/deploy/example/azure.json). | N/A |
> | `location` | Required | The azure location where the azure VMs are created | N/A |
> | `resourceGroup` | Required | The ID of the resource group where the azure VMs are created | N/A |
> | `securityGroupName` | Required | the name of the security group used by the azure VMs | N/A |
> | `vmType` | Required | the `vmType`. This value of this can be taken from the `azure.json` [conifg file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/blob/master/deploy/example/azure.json). | N/A |
> | `vnetName` | Required | the `vmType`. This value of this can be taken from the `azure.json` [conifg file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/blob/master/deploy/example/azure.json). | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

| Parameter | Required? | Description | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| `tenantId` | Required | The Azure tenant ID that you want to use for your configuration. Follow the Azure documentation to find your [tenant ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant){: external} or run the  |
| `subscriptionId` | Required | Your Azure subscription ID. From the Azure portal, search for `Subscription` to find a list of your subscriptions. You can also find this value by running the `az account subscription list` command. |
| `aadClientId` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client ID. You can find this value by running the `az identity list` command. |
| `aadClientSecret` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client Secret. |
| `resourceGroup` | Required | The name of your Azure resource group. You can find this value by running the `az group list` command. |
| `location` | Required | The location of your Azure hosts. For example `useast` |
| `vmType` | Required | The virtual machine type. You can find this value by running the `az vm list` command. For example: `standard` or `VMSS`. |
| `securityGroupName` | Required | The security group name. You can find this parameters by running the `az network nsg list` command. |
| `vnetName` | Required | The name of the virtual network. You can find this value by running the `az network vnet subnet list` command. |
```

# Azure File CSI Driver [BETA]

The Azure File CSI driver implements the CSI specification for container orchestrators to manage the lifecycle of Azure File volumes.
<!--
**Features supported:**
- Topology(Availability Zone)
- ZRS disk support(Preview)
- Volume Cloning
- Volume Expansion
- Raw Block Volume
- Shared Disk
- Volume Limits
- fsGroupPolicy -->

## Prerequisites
1. Retrieve the zone of your Azure worker nodes.
    ```
    oc get nodes
    ```
2. Label your Azure worker nodes with the zone. Replace `<zone>` with the zone of your Azure worker nodes. For example: `eastus-1`.
    ```
    oc label node <node_name> topology.kubernetes.io/zone-
    oc label node <node_name> topology.kubernetes.io/zone=<zone> --overwrite
    ```

## Azure File CSI Driver parameters & how to retrieve them

Get a list of the Azure template configuration parameters.
```
ibmcloud sat storage template get --name azurefile-csi-driver --version 1.9.0
```

** Azure File CSI Driver parameters**

| Parameter | Required? | Description | 
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `tenantId` | Required | The Azure tenant ID that you want to use for your configuration. Follow the Azure documentation to find your [tenant ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant){: external} or run the  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tenantId` | Required | The Azure tenant ID that you want to use for your configuration. Follow the Azure documentation to find your [tenant ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant){: external}. |
```

> | `tenantId` | Required | The Azure tenant ID that you want to use for your configuration. Follow the Azure documentation to find your [tenant ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant){: external}. |
> | `subscriptionId` | Required | Your Azure subscription ID. From the Azure portal, search for `Subscription` to find a list of your subscriptions. You can also find this value by running the `az account subscription list` command. |
> | `aadClientId` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client ID. You can find this value by running the `az identity list` command. |
> | `aadClientSecret` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client Secret. |
> | `resourceGroup` | Required | The name of your Azure resource group. You can find this value by running the `az group list` command. |
> | `location` | Required | The location of your Azure hosts. For example `useast` |
> | `vmType` | Required | The virtual machine type. You can find this value by running the `az vm list` command. For example: `standard` or `VMSS`. |
> | `securityGroupName` | Required | The security group name. You can find this parameters by running the `az network nsg list` command. |
> | `vnetName` | Required | The name of the virtual network. You can find this value by running the `az network vnet subnet list` command. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tenantId` | Required | The Azure tenant ID that you want to use for your configuration. Follow the Azure documentation to find your [tenant ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant){: external}. |
| `subscriptionId` | Required | Your Azure subscription ID. From the Azure portal, search for `Subscription` to find a list of your subscriptions. You can also find this value by running the `az account subscription list` command. |
| `aadClientId` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client ID. You can find this value in the Azure portal or by running the `az identity list` command. |
| `aadClientSecret` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client Secret. You can find this value in the Azure portal. |
| `resourceGroup` | Required | The name of your Azure resource group. You can find this value in the Azure portal or by running the `az group list` command. |
| `location` | Required | The location of your Azure hosts. You can find this value by reviewing your virtual machine details in the Azure portal. For example `useast` |
| `vmType` | Required | The virtual machine type. You can find this value by reviewing your virtual machine details in the Azure portal or by running the `az vm list` command. For example: `standard` or `VMSS`. |
| `securityGroupName` | Required | The security group name. You can find your security group name in the Azure portal by running the `az network nsg list` command. |
| `vnetName` | Required | The name of the virtual network. You can find this value in the Azure portal or by running the `az network vnet subnet list` command. |
```

> | `vnetName` | Required | The name of the virtual network. You can find this value by running the `az network vnet subnet list` command. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tenantId` | Required | The Azure tenant ID that you want to use for your configuration. Follow the Azure documentation to find your [tenant ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant){: external}. |
| `subscriptionId` | Required | Your Azure subscription ID. From the Azure portal, search for `Subscription` to find a list of your subscriptions. You can also find this value by running the `az account subscription list` command. |
| `aadClientId` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client ID. You can find this value by reviewing your Activity Directory details in the Azure portal or by running the `az identity list` command. |
| `aadClientSecret` | Required | Your Azure Active Directory Client Secret. You can find this value by reviewing your Activity Directory details in the Azure portal or by running the `az identity list` command. |
| `resourceGroup` | Required | The name of your Azure resource group. You can find this value in the Azure portal or by running the `az group list` command. |
| `location` | Required | The location of your Azure hosts. You can find this value by review the details for your VM in the Azure portal or by running the `az vm show` command. For example `useast` |
| `vmType` | Required | The virtual machine type. Azure virtual machines can be standard or scale sets. You can find your virtual machine type in the Azure portal or by running the `az vm list` command. For example: `standard` or `VMSS`. |
| `securityGroupName` | Required | The security group name. You can find your security group details in the Azure portal or by running the `az network nsg list` command. |
| `vnetName` | Required | The name of the virtual network. You can find this value in the Azure portal or by running the `az network vnet subnet list` command. |
```

```
kubectl get sc | grep azure
```

Example output

```
sat-azure-file-bronze           file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          Immediate              true                   8m58s
sat-azure-file-bronze-metro     file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   8m59s
sat-azure-file-gold             file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          Immediate              true                   8m59s
sat-azure-file-gold-metro       file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   9m
sat-azure-file-platinum         file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          Immediate              true                   9m
sat-azure-file-platinum-metro   file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   9m
sat-azure-file-silver           file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          Immediate              true                   8m59s
sat-azure-file-silver-metro     file.csi.azure.com                      Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   8m59s
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you also provide an example deployment? And verify data write
